hello today I'm going to be doing a
video on all of my unread books or
otherwise known as my TBR pile I just
counted how many books I have that are
unread and there are 42 I think I'm
pretty sure I'm working on it I'll work
it on it lots of people on booktube have
been doing this recently just sort of
going through their TBR pass and things
like that I will leave lots of links
down below to other TBR pile and unread
books videos but other booktubers that I
really enjoyed so here are all of my
unread books and I hope that you enjoy
it here we go shadow kiss by Richelle
Mead I'm currently reading this then we
have blood promise by richelle mead and
spirit bound by richelle mead the kill
order by James Dashner north of
beautiful by Justine the trend Headley
percy jackson and the lightning thief by
rick riordan no I still haven't read the
series I'm a bad person mansfield park
by jane austen persuasion by jane austen
school spirits by rachel hawkins the
shadow of the wind by carlos ruiz zafón
firewalls by kathy reichs pandemonium by
Lauren Oliver wall by hugh howey and
this is a priest beauty queens by Libba
Bray 172 hours on the moon by Johan half
that shiver by Maggie Stiefvater I got
halfway through this I think I got to
page 198 apparently and I stopped
reading it because I just wasn't loving
it and maybe I'll pick it up again
renewed new American Psycho by Bret
Easton Ellis Leviathan by Scott
Westerfeld the Night Circus by Erin
Morgenstern code name verity by
elizabeth wein we need to talk about
kevin by lionel shriver or Shriver the
art of racing in the rain by garth stein
another book that i'm currently reading
and that is gone girl by Gillian Flynn
and I'm still I think on page 87 of this
the secret hour by scott westerfeld in
this is the first book in the
Midnighters series Sarafina by rachel
hartman 1984 by george orwell zombie by
Darren Shan a million little pieces by
James Frey the immortal rules by julie
kagawa a room with a view by e.m foster
the Casual Vacancy by JK Rowling which
child by celia wreath hanging Hill by
moe hay de sever by lauren destefano
third book in the chemical garden
trilogy shades of grey by just thought
mercy by rebecca lim watering Heights by
Emily brontë essence fine
mandolin white oleander by Janet Fitch
no hope for gomez like grandpa and
receive this review such a long time ago
and I really need to review it all I
quite believe in angels by RJ other and
twisted by Laurie Halse Anderson I think
that's all of them know it's not the
last one is a tiny bit marvelous by Dawn
French and she is a british comedian all
of them is all the books way we did it
please leave me a comment down below if
you've read any of these books and if
you really enjoyed them or if maybe you
hated them I would love to know uh and
you know give me a push and a bit of
motivation to read certain books because
a lot of these I haven't actually heard
that much about thank you so so much for
watching my next video now we'll
definitely have to be an August wrap up
because that must be done and yes I will
see you then thank you very much for
watching I'll see you next time bye
and spirit mountain mouth north of
beautiful biter boom so I am NOT haha
English viral by Kathy reps can I think
all these lips up we'll see I'm doing
this for you oh look what happened